This document describes the design of the swingset configuration
object, which specifies the vats a swingset should be initially
composed from.  Note that some details of this design are still
provisional and others have yet to be implemented; these are called
out in the text below.

Three functions importable from the `'@agoric/swingset-vat'` module
make reference to the configuration object:

- `loadSwingsetConfigFile` reads a configuration object from a JSON
  file, parses and verifies it and then returns it in canonical form.

- `loadBaseDir` scans a directory for the files named `bootstrap.js`
  and `vat-*.js` and then composes and returns a corresponding
  configuration object.

- `buildVatController` accepts a configuration object as its first
  parameter, the specification of the swingset that it will create.

The configuration object takes this form:

```
config = {
  vats: {
    VATNAME: {
      sourceSpec: PATHSTRING?
      bundleSpec: PATHSTRING?
      bundleHash: HASHSTRING?
      bundleName: NAMESTRING?
      bundle: CODESTRING?
      parameters: DATAOBJECT?
      endowments: DATAOBJECT?
      creationOptions: {
        enablePipelining: BOOL?
        metered: BOOL?
        enableSetup: BOOL?
      }?
    }+
  }
  bootstrap: VATNAME?
  bundles: {
    BUNDLENAME: {
      sourceSpec: PATHSTRING?
      bundleSpec: PATHSTRING?
      bundle: CODESTRING?
    }*
  }?
  devices: {
    DEVICENAME: {
      sourceSpec: PATHSTRING?
      bundleSpec: PATHSTRING?
      bundleHash: HASHSTRING?
      bundleName: NAMESTRING?
      bundle: CODESTRING?
      parameters: DATAOBJECT?
      endowments: DATAOBJECT?
    }*
  }?
}
```

This object describes what we call a "vat group": one or more vats
organized together in some purposeful way.  The configuration object
is a pure data object that can be serialized as JSON, and so stored in
a file, loaded from a file, passed in a message over the network,
etc., in addition to being something that can be passed around as an
object internally.

The `vats` property describes the vats in the vat group, in the form
of an object with one entry property per vat keyed to the vat's name
(the name is scoped to the vat group).  A vat group must contain at
least one vat.

The `bundles` object describes vat bundles independent of which vat
they are associated with.  In particular, this makes those bundles
available for dynamic vat creation without requiring them to actually
be instantiated as vats unless and until they are needed.

The `devices` object similarly describes devices that will be part of
the swingset.  Currently these are passed as initialization parameters
to the bootstrap vat, though in theory they could be configured as
endowments to other vats if we felt so inclined (I presume that at the
moment we do not). IMPORTANT NOTE: the `devices` property as described
here is aspirational and is not yet supported.  At the moment devices
can only be configured by code that generates device entries in the
config object directly, since these must contain unserializable objects.

The `bootstrap` property, if present, names the vat that is to be the
bootstrap vat.  If this property is missing, there will be no
bootstrap vat, which may be disallowed in certain use cases.

The code that realizes a vat or device can be specified in one of five
ways: 

- `sourceSpec`, the path to the module or file containing the root
object definition;

- `bundleSpec`, the path to a file or module containing a
pre-generated bundle such as is currently generated by the vat
controller from paths of the first kind;

- `bundleHash`, a hashstring that can be used as a retrieval key to
fetch a bundle from a content-addressed repository of some kind
(without, at this point, saying anything about the nature, location,
or API of such a repository);

- `bundleName`, a simple name string that can be used to designate a
bundle by referring to the a vat, device, or bundle described by some
other `vats`, `devices`, or `bundles` entry; or

- `bundle`, a prebundled source string.

These five alternatives are mutually exclusive, but one of them must
be provided.  NOTE: `bundleHash` is not currently supported; the final
version of this design may eliminate some of these options.

`parameters` is a data object (defaults to the empty object if
omitted) that is passed to the vat or device as one of its creation
parameters as the second argument to the `buildRootObject` function.
The `buildVatController` function's second argument is an array of
strings, nominally representing command line paramaters such as would
be given when launching a statically defined vat group via a command
line tool such as `swingset-runner` or `ag-solo`.  If such command
line parameters are given to `buildVatController`, then are added to
the bootstrap vat's `parameters` object as the property `argv`.

`endowments` is a data object that is interpreted by the vat creation
mechanism to describe the endowments of the vat or device _(yes, more
description is needed here)_, which are passed to the vat in the
`vatPowers` parameters to its `buildRootObject` method.  NOTE: this is
not yet supported.

`creationOptions` are directives to the vat controller rather than to the vat itself:

- `enablePipelining` specifies whether the vat should be launched with
  promise pipelining enabled (defaults to `false` if omitted).

- `metered` specifies whether the vat should be have metering turned
  on or not (defaults to `false` if omitted).

- `enableSetup` indicates that the vat module may use the older, lower
  level `setup()` API, which allows a vat to be defined independent of
  the liveslots framework (defaults to `false` if omitted).  (If you
  don't understand what this means, do not use this.)

- `enableDisavow`, if true, adds `vatPowers.disavow()`, which allows vat code
  to explicitly disavow interest in an imported Presence. This will trigger a
  `syscall.dropImports` of the associated object ID. By default, this
  function is not added to `vatPowers`.
